Add backup and restore guide (#194)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/BackupRDB.md

> # Backup RDB guide

Reviewer: Following the guidance in [Google Developer Documentation Style Guide ("Heading and title text")](https://developers.google.com/style/headings#heading-and-title-text), how about we use the following?:

```suggestion
# Back up an RDB in a Kubernetes environment
```

> This guide explains how to backup single RDB data with Scalar products on a Kubernetes environment. We assume that you use managed databases provided by cloud service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to create a backup of a single relational database (RDB) by using ScalarDB or ScalarDL in a Kubernetes environment. Please note that this guide assumes that you are using managed databases provided by a cloud service.
```

Author: As I mentioned in another comment, I think it would be better to describe `databases that are used by ScalarDB or ScalarDL` instead of `databases that use ScalarDB or ScalarDL`.

What do you think?

> Even if you use RDB, you must follow the [Backup NoSQL database guide](./BackupNoSQL.md) when you use more than two RDBs under the Scalar products using [Multi-storage Transactions](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/multi-storage-transactions.md) or [Two-phase Commit Transactions](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/two-phase-commit-transactions.md).

Author: If we use more than two RDBs under ScalarDB/ScalarDL with `Multi-storage Transactions` or `Two-phase Commit Transactions`, we need to according to the manner of NoSQL backup (making restoration period by pause/unpause). I added this note here just in case.

> This guide explains how to backup single RDB data with Scalar products on a Kubernetes environment. We assume that you use managed databases provided by cloud service.
> 
> Even if you use RDB, you must follow the [Backup NoSQL database guide](./BackupNoSQL.md) when you use more than two RDBs under the Scalar products using [Multi-storage Transactions](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/multi-storage-transactions.md) or [Two-phase Commit Transactions](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/two-phase-commit-transactions.md).

Reviewer: Previously, we mentioned "a single RDB." Should this sentence say "two or more RDBs"? If so, please see my suggestion below.

```suggestion
If you have two or more RDBs that are using the [Multi-storage Transactions](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/multi-storage-transactions.md) or [Two-phase Commit Transactions](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/blob/master/docs/two-phase-commit-transactions.md) feature, you must follow the instructions in [Back up a NoSQL database in a Kubernetes environment](./BackupNoSQL.md) instead.
```

Author: I feel `RDBs that are using the [Multi-storage Transactions] or [Two-phase Commit Transactions]` is `The database utilizes ScalarDB's feature`.
In other words, I feel that sentence means the ScalarDB is an extension for some databases like the following image.
```
            +---> [Database (with Multi-storage Transactions of ScalarDB)]
            |
[Client] ---+
            |
            +---> [Database (with Multi-storage Transactions of ScalarDB)]
```

However, in fact, the system architecture is the following.
```
                                                         +---> [Backend DB]
                                                         |
[Client] ---> [ScalarDB (Multi-storage Transactions)] ---+
                                                         |
                                                         +---> [Backend DB]
```

The ScalarDB utilize the several databases as `Backend DBs` to store some data of ScalarDB.
So, I think it would be better to describe `RDBs that are used by the [Multi-storage Transactions] or [Two-phase Commit Transactions]` instead of `RDBs that are using the [Multi-storage Transactions] or [Two-phase Commit Transactions]`.

What do you think?

> ## Backup operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Perform a backup
```

> There is no backup operation if you use automated backup features provided by managed databases. All you have to do is enable automated backup features. Please refer to the following document for more details on the backup configurations in each managed database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To perform backups, you should enable the automated backup feature available in the managed databases. By enabling this feature, you do not need to perform any additional backup operations. For details on the backup configurations in each managed database, see the following guides:
```

* [Set up a database for ScalarDB/ScalarDL deployment on AWS](./SetupDatabaseForAWS.md)
* [Set up a database for ScalarDB/ScalarDL deployment on Azure](./SetupDatabaseForAzure.md)

> Since the managed RDB keeps backup data consistent from the perspective of transactions, you can restore backup data to any point-in-time using the PITR features.

Reviewer: For clarification, I added "in the managed RDB" to this sentence because I assumed that the PITR feature in this situation is referring to the feature in the managed RDB.

```suggestion
Since the managed RDB keeps backup data consistent from a transactions perspective, you can restore backup data to any point in time by using the point-in-time recovery (PITR) feature in the managed RDB.
```
